# This is an Alpha
I'm trying to adapt the program to be able to auto-fill garmoth for the user as much as possible. It's not tested much, but feel free to test it for yourself if you wanna. There **should**™ be no hard crashes.<br />
Each push will be a part of the process finalized.<br />
## Roadmap:
I'll try to stick to this, but no promises!
- ✓ Alpha 1: Give the program the capability to read how many items are in a stack.
  - Done! I was able to add this without any major performance impact. I'm using the UI thread to do the stack number by essentially "brute-forcing OCR". I have .bmp files with each digit on a transparent pixel background, I try to find the digit .bmp in the .bmp of the lower part of each item slot. I've mathed it out so that the user doesn't need to register another pixel with the Alignment tool. From preliminary testing it has a 100% correctness rate and it seems to be quite quick, about 1 second. This will probably increase the more UI Scale and resolution goes up, but oh well.
- ✓ Alpha 2: Create a mode specifically for garmoth farming. Add timer and procedure for starting a new grind session. Add appropriate controls.
  - Done! Added all UI and relevant controls. The program takes as input from the user the farming location, then get the relevant items as directed by a script I will manually write for each location available on garmoth. This is easily expandable by just creating a new script for a new location, or editing one that is already available. Fixed the digit `3.bmp` having one extra pixel, leading to bad detection. The user can start a session by clicking Analyze after having selected their location, then pause it by hitting Analyze again. This provides a before and after so I can subtract any relevant items previously there. If it's paused, the user can end the session and push it to garmoth (autofill coming in Alpha 3), or choose to resume it after checking their progress. They can also clear it at any point in time. To switch between normal (sorting) mode and farming mode, a new checkBox has been added to the bottom left.
- ✓ Alpha 3: Add auto-filling to garmoth, as much as it can.
  - Done! While Alpha 2 was the longest, this was the most difficult. It took a lot of research, but I've managed to make something truly great, it's actually fun to watch. So far I've only made the script for the first location, but it works great. Unfortunately I need the user to input their ID, taken from the URL of garmoth's Grind Tracker Summary, the alphanumeric mess. I couldn't find another way to grab it myself directly, so this will have to do for now at least. However, it can now push the elapsed time in the session as well as the number of items obtained of each item, which I think is great. I've added a variable delay that the user can set regarding how long it takes for the webpage to load, since I need to open a new tab each time to ensure that the user is on the right page, as well as to bring their default browser in focus, so I don't have to check for each browser to find out which one they're using. Also unfortunately I had to use bmp matching again to find the +Add button on garmoth, since the website scales weirdly depending on resolution. Furthermore I have to maximize the browser window because the number of tab presses varies by the resolution of the window, unless it's maximized, which makes no sense, but oh well it's out of my control. However, it works, and greatly at that. Condensed all the itemButton methods, from 192 down to 3, removing over 6k lines of code in the process and making it easier for me to work on it. Overall I'm really proud of this Alpha version honestly.
- ✗ Alpha 4: Complete folder and .bmp structure. Add a way to auto-download the folder into the appropriate place.
- ✗ Alpha 5: Testing and bugfixing.<br />
### Download
**FOLDER STRUCTURE UPDATED IN ALPHA 3** The folder goes in your `Documents folder\BDO Item Sorter Data\`<br />
[Alpha 3.zip](https://github.com/ErisLoona/BDO-Item-Sorter/files/12433780/Alpha.3.zip)
